= JQuery Quote Rotator Plugin.

Here's a jQuery plugin that rotates through list items with a nice fade effect. You may nest any type of element you like inside a given list item. Here's a {live demo for this project}[http://coryschires.github.com/quote-rotator/].

== How to make it work.

Drop these scripts in your header:
   <script src="http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.6.1/jquery.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
   <script src="js/jquery.quote_rotator.js" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8"></script>

Call the function to any list element:
    $(document).ready(function() {
        $('ul#quotes').quote_rotator();
    });

You can specify which quote you'd like to show first by adding a class of <tt>active</tt> to the list item. If you don't explicitly add an <tt>active</tt> class, it will default to the first item in the list.

== Configuration options.

    $('ul#quotes').quote_rotator({ 
         rotation_speed: 7000,                    // defaults to 5000
         pause_on_hover: false,                   // defaults to true
         randomize_first_quote: true              // defaults to false
         buttons: { next: '>>', previous: '<<' }  // defaults to false 
    });

Rotation will pause on mouse hover by default. This is nice if you're rotating through links or other elements that you might not want fading away from the user.

Also notice that next/previous buttons are not included by default. If you want buttons, you need override the <tt>buttons</tt> option. As in the example above, assign a javascript object with <tt>next</tt> and <tt>previous</tt> keys. The values will be used as text for your buttons.

== Change log.
<b>0.1.0</b>
* Added MIT and GPL licenses
* New config option to randomize first quote on page load

<b>1.0</b>
* Added unit tests using Jasmine
* Revamped demo page and gh-page
* Significant refactoring
* Added support for next/previous buttons ({issue #2}[https://github.com/coryschires/quote-rotator/issues/2])
